[dashboard] make easier to develop and test (#6036)
gitpod-io/gitpod: components/dashboard/README.md

Global state is passed through `React.Context`.

After creating a new component, run the following to update the license header:
`leeway run components:update-license-header`

> ## How to development in gitpod.io

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to develop in gitpod.io
```

> Edit `craco.config.js`, add `devServer` section, replace GITPOD_HOST to `SaaS Gitpod host` or `self-hosted Gitpod host`, then replace `cookie` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Edit `craco.config.js`, add `devServer` section, replace GITPOD_HOST to `SaaS Gitpod host` or `self-hosted Gitpod host`, then replace `cookie` field.
```

```js
     devServer: {
         proxy: {
             '/api': {
                 target: 'https://' + GITPOD_HOST,
                 ws: true,
                 headers: {
                     host: GITPOD_HOST,
                     origin: 'https://' + GITPOD_HOST,
                     cookie: '__REPLACE_YOUR_COOKIE__'
                 },
             }
         }
     }
```

> After finish that, you can run `npm run start` start develop and test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After following the above steps, run `npm run start` to start developing.
```

> After following the above steps, run `npm run start` to start developing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

After following the above steps, run `npm run start` to start developing.
```
